E!
Elizabeth, Carl's here!
You ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
(footsteps)
Are you?
Of course, let's go.
(footsteps)
(gentle madolin music)
I have to tell you something.
OK?
I have a family nickname.
Oh, come on.
How bad could it be?
Bad.
"Beth".
No.
Betsy.
Liz?
No.
(electric guitar riff)
Lizzy? Dizzy Lizzy!
No.
Bitsy.
Bitsy?
That's cute!
Exactly.
Bitsy. I think it's kind of hot.
Rich, please be nice.
This is hard enough.
(laughter)
So, can I call you "Bitsy"?
Rich, please.
Are you ready?
Absolutely, lead the way.
Oh, and nothing about the job, okay?
Where's your suitcase?
Rich?
I'm coming, I'm coming.
Oh, Bitsy, baby!
Oh, Uncle Stan's going to be so happy to
know that you made it.
Mom, this is Rich.
Oh, Rich!
Oh.
Or is it Richard?
It doesn't matter.
Oh, Bitsy, he's so handsome.
Mom, I go by Elizabeth now.
Bitsy!
(cackling laughter)
Look at you!
Hey! Welcome to the family.
I'm Stan Junior, Bitsy's cousin.
Come on, let's get you a beer.
OK!
Hey everybody, this is Bitsy's boyfriend!
Oh, hey man, you really snagged a good one!
Hey, did you know I used to go
steady with her in junior high.
No hard feelings!
(laughing)
Everybody listen up!
This is Bitsy's boyfriend.
Oh, hi! Hello!
All right!
Here ya go.
Thank you.
There's a lot of broken hearts in this room.
OK.
Come on, let's get in here.
This is so great.
When's the funeral?
Stan didn't want one.
I got a buddy down there at Heinz Field.
We're gonna bury his ashes in the end-zone.
Stan will love that.
Mmm hmm.
Oh! Look at you!
Itsy Bitsy!
Oh, you are still so thin!
You do look real good though.
Oh, you look real good!
My god, it's so good to have you back!
Great to see you.
I'm in, I'll be there.
Monday.
OK.
Great news, I'm going to London.
Again?
When?
First meeting's on Monday.
First meeting?
I just closed the deal now, I can't believe it.
Two big projects with Denny.
Good money, they'll give me a place to stay.
How long?
It's a two year commitment.
Well, you know, I can't leave right now,
I told Mom I'd stay and help--
Elizabeth, they can't pay for you.
I have to go by myself.
Wha?
I can't afford our rent by myself?
I can sublet.
We're paid through the end of the month.
We'll figure something out.
If I leave right now, I can catch a flight back
to New York.
They have me booked to Heathrow tomorrow.
You already have flights?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You OK?
Your suitcase.
It's in the car.
E, I'm sorry.
I'll call you from New York, OK?
I promise.
(melancholy guitar music)
♫ Repeat performance
♫ Cruel deja vu
♫ You play the bad guy
♫ And I
♫ I'll play the fool
♫ How could I slip and
♫ Make the same mistake twice?
♫ When did I learn to
♫ Forgo my own advice? ♫
There she goes again, drifting off
in the ionosphere.
Earth to Bitsy, come in Bitsy, Bitsy.
Over.
(laughter)
(melancholy piano music)
Where's your underwear model at?
He left.
He's moving to London.
Ah, Bitsy, that's too bad.
He was so handsome.
And I lost my job.
Two weeks ago.
Oh, honey, don't worry.
You can stay in your old room.
No, Mom, no, I can't stay here.
All the design jobs are in New York.
I'll move the sewing machine.
Now eat something.
I'm not hungry.
You need to eat something.
Coffee and a double chocolate cupcake.
Byron.
Live and in person.
Wow.
How are you?
I'm good.
You know, the burg's good.
Back for like two years.
Ooh, I got a couple of paintings
in a show next month.
How's New York?
You still doing art?
Not so much.
I work in design now.
Awesome.
My studio partner works for a designer downtown.
Order up.
Hang on.
It's really good to see you.
I'm glad you're back.
♫ In this life I get the sense
♫ I pay for everything you know it
♫ With my fears
♫ I hold them in now
♫ While my dreams are holding me
♫ Holding me ♫
(melancholy guitar music)
(muzak music)
(beeping)
(extended slurping)
(knocking)
Hey, Lizzie, come on in.
Have a seat.
Check this out.
I didn't know midgets were that limber.
I think they prefer to be called "little people."
So, Chelsea Web Design, huh?
Yes, I was with them for three years.
I lived in New York in the '80s.
Still have a place there.
That's what we offer the local market,
that New York edge.
See, we don't do design, we do undesign,
we do anti-design, we're beyond design,
design is done, over.
All that's left is image and image becomes brand,
and brands design themselves.
It's brandification.
They don't need us, we just channel the brand,
we brandify, we're conductors.
Think of it as applying brand names.
We enhance brandosity.
We're brandoids.
Brandoid, brandoid, brandoid.
Oh, sorry, I actually, I fixed the problem
with those--
Sweetie, there are no problems.
Just think about what you're putting out there
when you say that.
We use the term "issues."
Oh, OK.
Well, I fixed the issues with those
pop-up windows.
Oh, pop-ups, yes.
Back in the day.
With all the intrusions we face now,
I'm just so over them.
OK.
What else have you got, hon?
You know, I used to create one way,
but now I've discovered a brand new way.
You've got to think out of the womb.
It'll change the way you work,
it'll change the way you live,
it'll change just about everything.
Hmm.
We're the best agency in town.
What makes you good enough to work here?
Well, I--
We clean up at the awards every year.
I don't see any on your resume.
There's actually--
You're a lightweight.
You've done no-- (phone rings)
Yeah.
I'm sorry if I wasted your time.
I thought that, guy's an idiot.
I told you I didn't want to talk to him.
Why did you even bring this to me?
No.
How many times do we have to go over this?
You OK?
Benny, I'm out.
♫ Man with the eyes of gloom ♫
Anything else, hon?
Wow.
I forgot.
I thought you were a vegan.
No, that's coffee shop hype.
So.
What's going on?
Since I've been back, I've been like,
floating.
I know exactly what you mean.
Me, too.
Like job to job, school to school.
Women to men.
Back to women.
(laughs)
Wait, no, seriously.
Hey, you get used to it.
I just felt so invisible, and then,
I was totally floating.
Seriously, I felt my head hit the ceiling.
Hey, you put another crack in that glass, right?
I just felt so stupid.
Empty.
Like my whole life is just empty.
Awesome, that's awesome.
That's the whole point.
You gotta embrace emptiness.
Let emptiness be your guide.
Speaking of emptiness.
Anyway.
Why fight it?
Here you go, hon.
Marlene.
To emptiness.
I'm living out of a suitcase,
my career is a disaster, I'm just,
I'm just drifting.
(phone dings)
(sighs)
Hey, it's OK to drift sometimes.
Come on, I'll float you home.
♫ Words to say ♫
(sighs)
(laughs quietly)
(phone dings)
Elizabeth. When George told me about you,
he said you were my kind of designer.
I think he meant it as an insult, actually.
Did he give you the "I hate design" speech?
Yeah, he talked a little bit about that.
George is such a jackass.
But he gets points for this.
You're a terrific designer.
We could really use someone like you here.
Oh.
Wow.
So, Elizabeth, what are you looking for?
Well...
Chilly billy, and leading off the lunchtime
hour--
Hey, Bits, can you reach me that big bowl in there?
Sure, Mom.
(radio chatter)
(sighs)
(piano and otherworldly music)
Thanks, sweetheart.
No problem.
Hey.
You'll get used to it.
Here, hon.
Topping the news,
talk about dying to see your team win.
Two men were arrested early this morning while
trying to bury an urn of ashes in the endzone
at Heinz Field.
No ruling yet from the officials.
♫ If there's a girl caught walking
♫ No talking
♫ A quiet thing of beauty, my duty
♫ Is simply not to stumble, I mumble
♫ Hello
♫ Nobody else can see her, but meet her
♫ A gentle foot falls swaying, like praying
♫ I long to simply tell her, how well her
♫ Life flows
♫ 'Cause looking up as clear as she does not know
♫ Invisigirl
♫ You don't know what a wonderful world you make
♫ It with your blues, your greens, and your mama's
♫ Clean white pearls
♫ Invisigirl, Invisigirl
♫ When she was brokenhearted, it started
♫ The sudden disappearing and clearing
♫ Her mind of all things tragic, they magically
♫ Fade
♫ Until she finally vanished, and banished
♫ Herself to someplace brighter and lighter
♫ Majestic softly moving and grooving so well
♫ And when she shows us where her hotel
♫ Invisigirl
♫ You don't know what a wonderful world you make
♫ With your blues, your greens
♫ Your mama's clean white pearls ♫